---

copyright:
  years: 2016, 2023
lastupdated: "2023-05-03"

keywords: IBM,activity tracker,event,security,language translator

subcollection: language-translator

---

{{site.data.keyword.attribute-definition-list}}

# Activity Tracker events for Language Translator
{: #at_events}

IBM is announcing the deprecation of the {{site.data.keyword.languagetranslatorfull}} service for {{site.data.keyword.cloud}} in all regions. As of 10 June 2023, the {{site.data.keyword.languagetranslatorshort}} tile will be removed from the {{site.data.keyword.cloud_notm}} Platform for new customers; only existing customers will be able to access the product. As of 10 June 2024, the service will reach its End of Support date. As of 10 December 2024, the service will be withdrawn entirely and will no longer be available to any customers.
{: deprecated}

You can use the {{site.data.keyword.cloudaccesstrailfull}} service to track how users and applications interact with {{site.data.keyword.languagetranslatorshort}} in {{site.data.keyword.cloud}}.
{: shortdesc}

{{site.data.keyword.at_full_notm}} records user-initiated activities that change the state of a service in {{site.data.keyword.cloud_notm}}. You can use this service to investigate abnormal activity and critical actions and to comply with regulatory audit requirements. In addition, you can be alerted about actions as they happen. The events that are collected comply with the Cloud Auditing Data Federation (CADF) standard. For more information, see the tutorial [Getting started with {{site.data.keyword.at_full_notm}}](/docs/activity-tracker?topic=activity-tracker-getting-started).

## List of events
{: #list-of-events}

| Action | Description |
|:-----------------|:-----------------|
| `language-translator.model.create` | Create a model (`POST /v3/models`) |
| `language-translator.model.delete` | Delete a model (`DELETE /v3/models/{model_id}`) |
{: caption="Table 1. Actions that generate events"}

## Viewing events
{: #viewing-events}

Events that are generated by an instance of the {{site.data.keyword.languagetranslatorshort}} service are automatically forwarded to the {{site.data.keyword.at_full_notm}} service instance that is available in the same location.

{{site.data.keyword.at_full_notm}} can have only one instance per location. To view events, you must access the web UI of the {{site.data.keyword.at_full_notm}} service in the same location where your service instance is available. For more information, see [Navigating to the UI](/docs/activity-tracker?topic=activity-tracker-launch).
